

[Meet Xavier ]

I am just a guy who is passionate in pursuing his dreams. Xavier is my name, and here is a little bit about myself.

Graduated as a Mechanical engineer at UC Davis. Competed on American Ninja warrior from season 6-9. I continue to learn new skills and applications to become a software engineer.

I started my personal training journey 9 years, helping friends and bettering myself. Fitness has taught me about work ethic, determinations, expressionism, discipline, minimizing stress, animated wanting other succeed. The greatest effect that fitness has had on me, has pushed me into a commitment to helping others reach their fitness goals.




[ About RBN xFITLIVE ]

RBN xFITLIVE  is open to all levels and ages. The prices are right and affordable for everyone. Here to coach in the group and extra for a private 1 on 1 session.

Create programs that is accustomed to your needs and give you a general knowledge of dieting.

Want to keep you engaged and don't look at workout as a choice or a task. I want to put a little Fun in your life by having games that will tally up to earn prizes or cash.

NO GYM? NO HEAVY EQUIPMENT? NO PROBLEM!
RBN xFITLIVE will have workout affordable by using resistance bands, dumbbells, or just bring yourself in my virtual class.

ALSO, DON'T FRET about your technique. We'll crawl first before we walk as a team. This class is very safe and I will be there to accustom any workout for safety purposes.

You are simply on a mission to become a new version of yourself and take a look at my offers on the next tab.

[offer]

Day Pass

If you aren't sure whether you want to commit for the six-week workout challenges yet, that's okay! Just try the day pass option as many times as you like until you're up to the challenge! Want to earn a free day pass? Tag @xavier.a.edwards on an Instagram and use the hashtag #xfitlive! Click here now to get more information.

Xavier teaches a virtual group exercise class that blends principles from HIIT, Tabatta, Circuit Strength, and Aerobic exercises. If you're interested in a personal training session, reach out on social media or through the message form on the website for personalized quote.

Weekly Program

Rbn xFITLIVE's six-week program is seven days a week, but that is dependent on the workout package that you select (see the Pricing tab).

Weekly Challenges

RBN xFITLIVE's offers group training exercise sessions with games weekly, where you'll have a chance to earn prizes that can benefit your long-term while using Xavier's workout programs.

Diet Plans

To better make a change in your daily routine, it's important to understand the role of diet and proper nutrition. Xavier offers a diet plan that describes diet/nutrition basics for creating your best body to support safety and proper form for your workout routine.
